sauerkraut it's a bit underappreciated I
think in my family but I like it so I
keep making it and I use it for as
a condiment from for me then as a as to
put it on some spread or in some salad
or so fry it up in some bacon fat and I
really like it I even like it raw and on
hot dogs now this is all you need to
make sauerkraut cabbage salt and some
jars to for mints have to ready the
cabbage take off the outer leaves if
they have any problems take off this
stem or the stop like cut a square like
or a triangle like this then I can just
read me remove the stalk in the middle
and I have to measure it and this is
about 900 grams I have to divide that
with 50 and then I have the amount of
salt that I need that is 2% of the
weight of the cabbage has to be solved
this is 18 grams so this is the soul I
need for this half cabbage head then I
cut it out in a as thin slices as I
absolutely possibly can I make sure to
follow the curvature of the cabbage
then I end up with a ball like this I
add the salt then I have to break down
of the cabbage to force out some water
because it has to line in a water to to
make the fermentation take place and see
now it's very soft and very wet and it's
that's exactly how it should be and so I
fill up the fermentation John we have to
put us much in as we possibly can and
then we have to press it down because
the cabbage has to be covered in water
too to be able to ferment otherwise
it'll simply rot we press it down hard
and see I fill up the jar completely and
now it takes up only half the space the
other way to do it if you don't want to
cut all that cabbage by hand
or do the the crossing of the cabbage is
to use a machine and I use the piccata
like this
this is about the same states where
whether it was with the knife when I did
it the manual way but instead of
crossing it with my hands I'll make a
finer cabbage if I cut it again I will
force out a lot of liquid so the
fermentation can take place and as you
can see this is a finer structure and
but my hands are already weighed by this
so this is fine you don't have to cross
that add the salt and then mix it round
well into the glass with that to the
fermentation jar and this is just a
plain glass jar it doesn't have to be
anything fancy as long as it can become
airtight you don't want any air down
down in it with the cabbage so it has to
ferment for at least three days at room
temperature the longer in ferments the
more so it will be this is after about a
day where I check up on it makes you
want see see you can see that's a lot of
water has been forced out of the cabbage
due to the salt and the crossing
and if there's not enough water to cover
it you can add a little bit not too much
because the salt level is important for
the fermentation and then if you just
leave it on a cool place until you want
to eat it so enjoy and you can find the
list of ingredients and the recipe on
belly food